fix: man pages part 2 (#910)
flox/flox: cli/flox/doc/flox-pull.md

# NAME

flox-pull - pull environment from FloxHub

# SYNOPSIS

```
flox [ <general-options> ] pull
     [-d=<path>]
     [-a]

>      [-r=<owner/name> | <owner/name> | [-f]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     [-r=<owner>/<name> | <owner>/<name> | [-f]]
```

Reviewer 2: i guess that's also as copied from the `help`
to align `help` with this we'd need to pass `argument("owner>/<name")`, not sure if that's the _right_ format though 🤷🏼‍♂️

```

# DESCRIPTION

Pull an environment from FloxHub and create a local reference to it,
or, if an environment has already been pulled, retrieve any updates.

When pulling an environment for the first time, `-d` specifies the directory in
which to create that environment.
The remote environment is specified in the form `<owner/name>`,
and it may optionally be preceded by `-r`.

When updating an environment that has already been pulled, `-d` specifies which

> environment to update.

Reviewer: Suggestion: maybe also say that you don't need `-d` if you're referring to the current directory/repo that you're in.

Author: ```
If `-d` is not specified and the current directory contains an environment, that
environment is synced.
```

I think we detect upwards from the current directory and use the last active environment as well - not sure if we need to explain that somewhere

`-f` may only be specified in this case, forceably updating the environment
locally even if there are local changes not reflected in the remote environment.

> `<owner/name>` may not be specified in this case, as it would have been

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<owner>/<name>` may not be specified in this case, as it would have been
```

# NAME

flox-pull - pull environment from FloxHub

# SYNOPSIS

```
flox [ <general-options> ] pull
     [-d=<path>]
     [-a]
     [-r=<owner/name> | <owner/name> | [-f]]
```

# DESCRIPTION

> Pull an environment from FloxHub and create a local reference to that remote
> environment,
> or, if an environment has already been pulled, update that environment.

Author: ```suggestion
Pull an environment from FloxHub and create a local reference to it,
or, if an environment has already been pulled, retrieve any updates.
```

> When pulling an environment for the first time, `-d` specifies the directory in
> which to create that environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When pulling an environment for the first time, `-d` specifies the directory
in which to create that environment.
```

<details>
<summary>Backup for rule 6 i guess lol</summary>

![image](https://github.com/flox/flox/assets/7040031/8dc14877-3384-4900-8024-d89a8f8b5e58)

</details>

Author: As rule 6 is optional, I probably won't always follow it

Reviewer 2: Yeah, almost all of them are optional, expect don’t break a hyphened word and do break after a sentence ^^ as I said in the other comment it’s  quite subjective still :/

Author: I would prefer we only review based on the required ones

# NAME

flox-pull - pull environment from FloxHub

# SYNOPSIS

```
flox [ <general-options> ] pull

>      [-d=<path>]

Author: I did it that way for consistency with `--help`/because I could copy and paste. Not a super strong preference

>      [-d=<path>]

Reviewer: I just checked the `git` help and there's no spaces there, so let's go without spaces. You'll probably want to remove the spaces around `<general options>`.

>      [-d=<path>]

Author: Removing spaces around `general options`

     [-a]
     [[-f] | -r=<owner/name> | <owner/name>]
```

# DESCRIPTION

> Pull an environment from FloxHub and create a managed environment locally

Author: I'm not sure why, can you point me at a sembr rule?

referring to that remote environment,
or, if a managed environment with a reference to a remote environment already
exists, update that environment.

When creating a new managed environment, `-d` specifies the directory in which
to create that environment.
The remote environment is specified in the form `<owner/name>`,

> and it may optionally be preceded by `-r`.

Reviewer: Yeah, I'd probably just say that it's there for consistency with other commands, but in this context it's optional.

> and it may optionally be preceded by `-r`.

Author: Fixing

> When updating a managed environment that already exists, `-d` specifies which

Author: Changing to `pulling`

environment to update.
`-f` may only be specified in this case, forceably updating the managed
environment even if there are local changes not reflected in the remote
environment.
`<owner/name>` may not be specified in this case, as the managed environment

> already keeps track of its remote environment.

Author: I think it makes more sense to talk about creating new first, so I re-ordered the args instead

A remote environment may not support the architecture or operating system of the
local system pulling the environment,
in which case `-a` may be passed to forceably add the current system to the
environment's manifest.
This may create a broken environment that cannot be pushed back to FloxHub until
it is repaired with [`flox-edit(1)`](./flox-edit.md) or
[`flox-remove(1)`](./flox-remove.md).
See [`manifest.toml(1)`](./manifest.toml.md) for more on multi-system
environments.

# OPTIONS

## Pull Options

> `-d`, `--dir`

Author: Dropping the include of `environment-options.md` and keeping this description because it's specific to pull
